# 2020-11-20 Weekly

What a week! I feel like so many things happened since last week. 

## Heart-to-heart interview

First of all, I finally had my interview with three people from my current company. For the first time in my life, I have answered to these interview questions with 100% honesty. It felt quite liberating to be completely myself and not give half-truths that are more aligned with people expectations.

(But I was soooooo stressed out the whole time.)

## An app to feel closer to your friends

Robin introduced our small group of friends to the Cappuccino App. 

How does it work? Everday, you have the possibility to record one *bean* that will be mixed with the beans from your friends in a podcast-like format—with background music and everything! You can also give prompts or ask questions if you don't like going on about your day.

I love it. This app arrived right on time, as you currently don't have the possibility to meet your friends anymore. I love the fact that there is no possible small talk. No one is in front of you. You get straight to what is important. I feel like I have learnt so much about my friends in just a few cappuccini. 

It is also true the other way around. I am usually quite reserved, but feel like talking about myself much more within these short 3 minutes.

## Reset of my digital garden

Middle of the week, I did it. I completely resetted my digital garden. I had first started it without much of a system. It rapidly got out of hands and began to feel chaotic and a bit overwhelming—far from the thinking-buddy-second-brain-thingy I had imagined.

I started it again following the [[Zettelkasten Method by R. Williams (2020)]] article to the letter. It felt great to work on a blank slate with a clear system in mind, knowing where I was headed.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[zettelkasten-method-by-r-williams-2020]: ..\5-bibliography\zettelkasten-method-by-r-williams-2020 "Zettelkasten Method by R. Williams (2020)"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"