# Social Media

_Tags: #inbox_

## Notes

- [[Social Medias Erode The Fabric Of Society]]

## Quotes About Social Media

From The Social Dilemma (2020)

> [Social medias] tilt the floor of human behavior. They make some behavior harder and some easier. And you're always free to walk up the hill, but fewer people do, and so, at scale, at society's scale, you really are just tilting the floor and changing what billions of people think and do.

> We live in a world in which a tree is worth more, financially, dead than alive, in a world in which a whale is worth more dead than alive. For so long as our economy works in that way and corporations go unregulated, they're going to continue to destroy trees, to kill whales, to mine the earth, and to continue to pull oil out of the ground, even though we know it is destroying the planet nd we know that it's going to leave a worse world for future generations. This is short-term thinking based on this religion of profit at all costs, as if somehow, magically, each corporation acting in its selfish interest is going to produce the best result. This has been affecting the environment for a long time. What's frightening, and what hopefully is the last straw that will make us wake up as a civilization to how flawed this theory has been in the first place is to see that now we're the tree, we're the whale. Our attention can be mined. We are more profitable to a corporation if we're spending time staring at a screen, staring at an ad, than if we're spending that time living our life in a rich way. And so, we're seeing the results of that.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[Social Medias Erode The Fabric Of Society]: ../notes/social-medias-erode-the-fabric-of-society "Social Medias Erode The Fabric Of Society"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
